gitlab: add gitlab images skeleton and testing for gitlab-kas image (#1622)
chainguard-images/images: images/gitlab/README.md

<!--monopod:start-->
# gitlab
| | |
| - | - |
| **OCI Reference** | `cgr.dev/chainguard/gitlab` |

* [View Image in Chainguard Academy](https://edu.chainguard.dev/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/gitlab/overview/)
* [View Image Catalog](https://console.enforce.dev/images/catalog) for a full list of available tags.
* [Contact Chainguard](https://www.chainguard.dev/chainguard-images) for enterprise support, SLAs, and access to older tags.*

---
<!--monopod:end-->

# Gitlab Images

## Get It!

The images are available on `cgr.dev`, e.g. `gitlab-kas`:

```
docker pull cgr.dev/chainguard/gitlab-kas:latest
```

## Usage

> This replace the Gitlab images used in the deployment by our Chainguar images for Gitlab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This replaces the Gitlab images used in the deployment by our Chainguard images for Gitlab.
```

See the [full documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/charts/) for installation and usage.

We can use the different Gitlab Chainguard images that we've built for Gitlab with the Helm chart of the project using the following commands.

First, you need to install the Helm repository:

```shell
helm repo add gitlab https://charts.gitlab.io/
helm repo update
```

> Once you did this, you can install Gatekeeper to the target cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you did this, you can install Gitlab to the target cluster:
```
